[terra-action-header] Removed default heading level. (#3637)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-core-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/action-header/UpgradeGuide.2.doc.mdx

# Terra Action Header Upgrade Guide

## Changes from 2.0 to 3.0

### Breaking Changes

> * Changed prop `title` to `text` to avoid confusion with HTML attribute `title`.

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
* Renamed `title` prop as `text` to avoid confusion with HTML attribute `title`.
```
